	I love this article, I love the idea of abolishing the letter system, I have so much to say about it that I'm struggling to put everything into coherent sentences, so bear with me.
	
	Alfie Kohn's article outlying an argument against tying education to letter grades really resonates with me, and I find myself agreeing with all of the ideas that she presents. Grades are something that have been so intwined with my education that, despite disagreeing with them, I still find it hard to imagine schooling without them. Although this article does lead me to believe we'd all be better off without them.
	The article resonates with me because of my own experiences with and views of education. Views that have been shaped by the weird emphasis school places on following directions instead of learning. I've never liked school, but I've always been "good" at it. In middle school, high school (and yes even in some college classes), I never read the text books. I never did the homework. I rarely studied. And yet despite that I got good enough grades to graduate with honors. I often tell other students that I'm here for a degree above all else. The degree doesn't require learning, it requires grades. And so that's what I prioritize. I can confidently say that I've forgotten at least half of everything I've learned in college because of the emphasis placed on grades, not learning. You aren't taught to learn or think critically about subjects. You pass the test, get the grade, and move on. Kids love learning, and this system does a great job of turning that natural love of learning into an anxiety disorder.
	Grades represent how many answers you got right on your quiz/test/homework. That's it. That's as far as it goes. It doesn't represent the deeper levels of critical thinking and analysis that we should strive to imbue students with. For example, a couple years back my friend and I took the same philosophy class, with the same teacher, one semester apart. The final for that class was a paper reflecting on some philosophical concept. She worked for days on that paper, I think I worked 4 hours total. We both ended up with an A-. Now if you had sat both of us down at the end, asked to explain our reasoning, our sources, how it related to the class, some alternative views or methods on the concept, etc, well she would have blown me out of the water because her studies had given her a much deeper pool of knowledge and understanding than I had. But since my grammar was a little better than hers and both made sense, we ended up with the same score on the one thing that matters. Her extensive learning didn't matter at all to the college. She grew up homeschooled, with parents who DID put more emphasis on exploration of the subject than grading, and I think that paper was a real wake up call for her.
	I think that's the root of my biggest gripe with grades, and the article says something similar. There is no incentive for deeper learning. In fact, when deciding to go in depth to a subject subtracts from the time you could spend memorizing flash cards, you can see how the system actively discourages it. Abolish grades. And while we're at it, abolish homework for kids who aren't in college. Although that's a different topic.
